now a Jewish political appointee in the
US Interior Department has resigned in
protest against President Joe Biden's
support for Israel's warn Gaza Lily
Greenberg Co who worked on the Biden
election campaign is the first Jewish
official to publicly resign over the war
let's go to shab Brans is live for us in
Washington DC shab so talk us through
exactly what's been
announced and it's an interesting thing
yes she is the first Jewish appointee in
the Biden Administration to resign but
in fact a member of the defense
Intelligence Agency on Monday resigned
who was also of Jewish descent but he
wasn't an appointe he'd been working his
way up up the system the DIA is the the
Pentagon equivalent of the CIA but I'll
give you some Choice bits from from the
letter itself she talks about how much
she believed in Biden fighting for a
better America uh but then she says um
that she she was thrilled to join the
department of interior but but what she
suggests what's what's the point of
power if you can't actually use it I can
no longer in good conscience continue to
represent this Administration amidst
President Biden's disastrous continued
support for Israel's genocide in Gaza
she says she talks about how her own
family escaped anti-semitic persecution
in Europe and then within two
generations she managed to to to reach
her position in the Biden Administration
but what's the point of having power if
you will not use it to stop crimes
against humanity and she's particularly
triggered it would appear by Biden
constantly conflating being Jewish with
with what Israel is doing in Gaza and
she subsequently spoken about how you
know Biden saying you know were there no
Israel there wouldn't be a Jew in the
world who was safe and was talking about
the Hamas attacks were triggered by
ancient desire to wipe out the Jewish
people but but what Cole says is Biden
is making Jews the face of the American
War Machine and that is so deeply wrong
noting that her own ancestors were
killed by state sponsored violence and
in fact Biden by doing that and Israel
by doing what it's doing in Gaza is
making Jews very unsafe and what do we
make of the timing of
this well in the letter she clearly is
pegging it to use a news term to Naka
day which you were just talking about so
she says uh you know today is May 15th
nakba day I reject the premise that one
people's salvation must come at
another's destruction I'm committed to
creating a world where this does not
happen and this cannot be done from
within the Biden Administration beyond
that the timing is yep she's another
official from the Biden Administration
to resign we've had several from the
state department who who've resigned
we've had the chat from the DIA that I
just mentioned someone from the
education department we had an enlisted
Airman set fire to himself Aaron bushnel
outside outside the White House and this
does reflect what we've been hearing
consistently over the last several
months of the intense unease within the
administration particularly in the state
department which I've seen people refer
to as being an open Revolt well maybe
closed Revolt open Revolt within the
walls of the state department and lots
of letters have been sent to blinkin and
others saying what on Earth are you
doing why aren't you listening to us uh
but often they're sent sort of
anonymously and not not publicly like
this so I think that's that's that's the
difference is whether more people will
publicly come out because there is that
fear of Retribution in fact Call's
Twitter account was suspended briefly
we're not quite sure of the connection
there but now she's back on back online
but there is that sense that you know
something has to give but for Biden for
Tony blinkin for Jake Sullivan for Brett
mcer they're the ones who are driving
this policy they aren't listening to
anyone else in the administration and
they're driven by their own personal
sense of intense Zionism and the wishes
of their billionaire donors in the
coming election okay thank you for that
shab Rotan there for us live in
Washington
DC make sure to subscribe to our channel
to get the latest news from Al is zero